hi layer thanks for dropping by this is
M taro them and I'm here to guide you
through the card of the day which is the
page of Wands from the revelation stero
the companion book describes the page of
Wands as having discovered her inner
flowers of creation as she tries to
bring to life the illusion of a dragon
the page of Wands represents beginning
realizations of the power that we hold
within it reflects a dawn of creativity
or an upsurge of energy within you may
begin to feel you understand things more
have the need to apply yourself or
explore all avenues of interest in a
situation this card invites
possibilities and opportunities for new
things and new experiences to be
explored and enjoyed party invitations
new and interesting people and lively
activities will be around the corner the
chance to travel to a new and exotic or
interesting place could also pop up in
addition to the companion books meaning
although the page of Wands energy is the
young her dynamism and dedication makes
her a very reliable ally however she
might need some guidance along the way
because of her impulsive pneus she might
make mistakes from jumping into
situations without much thought but it
is only because of her impatience fueled
by her desire to materialize her noble
intentions immediately as the patient
ones would do we must look forward to
new pursuits most especially with the
things that were passionate about we
must put our energies into learning and
applying what we have learned in our
daily life if we try to change our
perspective and feel our inner fire
burning inside it will definitely grow
stronger and
Hunter this will make us live life with
such enthusiasm it would be exciting to
be fearless and adventurous and see what
we can accomplish perhaps we should
consider trying something new for the
sake of experiencing it as the page of
wants is we need to be open-minded in
order to appreciate the diversity around
us and from this diversity we can be
inspired towards creativity the page of
Wands is a staunch supporter of causes
she believes in where she not only lends
her time and talents but is also
actively recruiting for them do we have
any cause or charity we have long
intended support drawing the page of
Wands is an encouraging message that now
is the time to act upon this intention
to live our lives to the fullest we must
imbibe the energy of the page of Wands
allowing her energy in our lives will
definitely do us wonders they care and
until the next time many blessings to
you this is terrorism